DOCS-2673: Change authentication method for API onboarding requests (#1907)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/my-account/partner-account/api-onboarding/create-account.md

All URLs on this page are directed to our test API. To use the live API, change the subdomain `testapi` to `api` and use the corresponding API key.

---

## Sign up account

`POST` `https://testapi.multisafepay.com/v1/json/signup-account?api_key={your-account-api-key}`

Create a new affiliated merchant account.

{{< collapse title="Request body parameters" size="h3" >}}
|Parameter|Description|
|-----|------|
|**account**  <br /> `object`|Contains company information.|
|account.address1  `string`|The first line of the company address.  <br /> **Format**: Max 64 characters. Optional.|
|account.address2<br />`string`|The second line of the company address.<br />**Format**: Max 64 characters. Optional.|
|account.address3<br />`string`|The third line of the company address. <br />**Format**: Max 64 characters. Optional.|
|account.apartment<br />`string`|The apartment number of the company address.<br />**Format**: Max 9 characters. Optional.|
|account.city<br />`string`|The city of the company address.<br />**Format**: Max 50 characters Optional.|

> |account.coc_number<br />`string`|The chamber of commerce number. <br />**Format**: Max 50 characters. Optional.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|account.coc_number<br />`string`|The company's chamber of commerce number. <br />**Format**: Max 50 characters. Optional.|
```

3. [Get account](#get-account): retrieve a single merchant account
4. [Update account](#update-account): update a merchant account

> ### About parameters

Reviewer: Comment for rows 9-14: Use the following requests to create, retrieve, or update affiliated merchant accounts. 

Bullet list instead of numbered. Capitals after colons and full stops at the end of full sentences.

> All four account requests require a partner account API key. This is not the same as a [website API key](/set-up-your-account/site-id-api-key-secure-code). For more information, email your Partner Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the account requests require a partner account API key. This is not the same as a [website API key](/set-up-your-account/site-id-api-key-secure-code). For more information, email your partner manager.
```

All URLs on this page are directed to our test API. To use the live API, change the subdomain `testapi` to `api` and use the corresponding API key.

---

## 1. Signup account

`POST` `https://testapi.multisafepay.com/v1/json/signup-account?api_key={your-account-api-key}`

Create a new affiliated merchant account.

{{< collapse title="Request body parameters" size="h3" >}}
|Parameter|Description|
|-----|------|

> |**account**  <br /> `object`|This object holds company information|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**account**  <br /> `object`|Contains company information.|
```

|account.address1  `string`|First line of company address  <br /> **Format**: max 64 characters. Optional.|
|account.address2<br />`string`|Second line of company address<br />**Format**: max 64 characters. Optional.|
|account.address3<br />`string`|Third line of company address <br />**Format**: max 64 characters. Optional.|
|account.apartment<br />`string`|Apartment number of company address<br />**Format**: max 9 characters. Optional.|
|account.city<br />`string`|City of company address<br />**Format**: max 50 characters Optional.|
|account.coc_number<br />`string`|Chamber of commerce number <br />**Format**: max 50 characters. Optional.|

> |account.company_name<br />`string`|Name of company. This must be unique. <br />**Format**: max 200 characters. Required.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|account.company_name<br />`string`|The unique company name. <br />**Format**: Max 200 characters. Required.|
```

|account.country<br />`string`|Country code of company <br />**Format**: [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2) (e.g., `NL`). Required.|

> |account.email<br />`string`|Company email address. Transaction updates are sent to this address. This must be unique. <br />**Format**: max 100 characters. Required.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|account.email<br />`string`|The unique company email address to which transaction updates are sent. <br />**Format**: Max 100 characters. Required.|
```

|account.fax<br />`string`|Company fax number<br />**Format**: max 15 characters. Optional.|
|account.phone<br />`string`|Company phone number<br />**Format**: max 15 characters. Optional.|
|account.vat_number<br />`string`|Company VAT number<br />**Format**: max 50 characters. Optional.|
|account.zipcode<br />`string`|Company ZIP Code<br />**Format**: max 30 characters. Optional.|

> |**user**<br />`object`|This object holds user information|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**user**<br />`object`|Contains user information.|
```

> |user.name<br />`string`|Full name of the primary user. The name can be modified later. Required.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|user.name<br />`string`|The full name of the primary user (can be modified later). Required.|
```

> |user.email<br />`string`|Email address of the primary user. The welcome email with secure code is sent to this address. This must be unique. Required.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|user.email<br />`string`|The primary user's unique email address to which the welcome email containing the secure code is sent. Required.|
```

> |user.password<br />`string`|Password of the primary user. Required.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|user.password<br />`string`|The primary user's password. Required.|
```

  "success": true
}
```
{{< /collapse >}}

---
 
## 2. List accounts

`GET` `https://testapi.multisafepay.com/v1/json/accounts?api_key={your-account-api-key}`

> Retrieve an array of all merchant accounts affiliated to your partner account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve an array of all affiliated merchant accounts.
```
